Hello, my name is Brandon, and I'm going to tell you about a visitation I had from the Lord.
I don't know if it was a dream or an out-of-body experience; all I know is that it changed my life forever.
I'm just going to get right into it and tell you what happened.
It was a normal night on July 6, 2014.
I went to bed, and what happened next is mind-blowing.
I want you to give me a little bit of your time.
What I am about to tell you will change your life forever if you let it and meditate on what is about to happen.
Earth as we know it, everything we see on a day-to-day basis, is about to change—from the biggest thing to the smallest thing.
This is what happened: I went to bed, and suddenly I was taken out of my body.
In a dream, you don't smell, taste, or feel heat the way I did.
Suddenly, I was standing at a courthouse, and I looked over to my right; Jesus was standing right there next to me.
He was looking at me.
I looked around, and there were people rioting and burning cars.
People were destroying things, throwing things, acting crazy.
I was taken aback by what I saw because I could smell the smoke and the fires.
I could see the courthouse on fire and mass chaos everywhere.
A lady ran up to me, and I asked, "What is going on?
" She said, "Don't you know?
Didn't you see?
All the Christians are gone.
" I asked, "Where did they go?
What happened?
" She said the aliens came and took them.
Suddenly, I looked up, and there were lightning strikes all over the sky.
It looked like a major storm, but there was no rain.
I could see lightning in the clouds; they were active, like an electric storm.
As I looked across the town, I saw fires burning in many buildings—nearly all of them.
Everyone was looting and stealing, acting godless.
I want to interject something: every person, even the greatest sinner, wakes up with a sense of peace they don't realize they have.
I call this the prayer covering of the church.
There is a covering from the praying people of the church that covers the whole world, bringing an atmosphere of peace and comfort that people don't realize is there.
When the rapture of the church takes place, that prayer covering is removed for the first time.
There is total anarchy because people feel the void where that peace was, and they are freaking out.
I felt that so strongly in the atmosphere; it was eerie and scary.
Suddenly, I was taken to another scene.
Jesus and I were suddenly in Berlin.
I saw a man dressed in an expensive gray suit, a white shirt, and a nice tie getting out of a presidential-style limousine.
He was driven to a massive conference room in Berlin where people from all the nations of the world were gathering at a large round table.
He sat at the head.
I could not see his face because the Lord had blotted it out, but I could see his confident stature as the leaders listened to his plan.
This occurred shortly after the rapture, perhaps within a few hours.
Everyone listened to him because he possessed a sense of confidence and peace similar to what the church used to provide.
His presence brought a sense of calm that made everyone want to listen.
Their eyes were fixed on him as he proposed a plan for a one-world currency and a chip.
Every world leader surrendered their power to him during that single meeting.
Then I was taken back to the courthouse.
There was a mandate, shown on TVs everywhere, for people to bring all Bibles to public places like police stations or town squares because owning one was no longer allowed.
They told people they could check out their Bibles later, but anyone who did was marked as a rebel.
Eventually, they took the Bibles and burned them.
I saw massive mounds of Bibles burning everywhere, creating huge smokestacks.
This was happening in towns all around the world.
It was against the law to have a Bible.
Then I saw him take down city, state, and American flags and replace them with his own.
And he put them on every courthouse over all the major public buildings that we would see an American flag, or wherever you are, your country flag, the French flag, the German flag, or the United Kingdom flag.
They took those flags down and they put his flag up.
And I'm going to show you right now what that flag looks like.
I remember every bit of this clearly back from 2014 whenever the Lord showed me all this, what that flag looks like.
And it's two swords with palm branches on the top of it, and they're golden, and there's like a globe in the middle, and there was black, white, and green, and it represented ISIS, al-Qaeda, and Hamas.
All these terrorist organizations were bringing forth what they called—now I will tell you the name of what everybody called him—the Mahdi.
I hope I don't butcher that, but that's what they called him.
And everybody called this man the Mahdi.
And every time you see him—look, I don't want to skip around here too much—but they put the flag up like I'm saying, and it was honor to him, the Mahdi, bringing him into power.
Now I see public squares with big huge movie screens, massive movie screens that are as big as a huge building.
But on Fridays, everybody dresses in white garments.
They dress in like white robes by law.
You go and on Fridays they have lines.
All the people are in lines and they worship him on Fridays with the screen.
Some of it's live playback and some of it is pre-recorded because you can't worship all around the world in the daytime because it's not daytime everywhere.
But they were taken, and even where—I know I told you all in a previous video, if you go look at some of my stuff before—where they worship, and it's at a big Mason temple.
It's at a huge Freemason's temple.
They have huge white screens all on the front of this building and this is where the people come on Fridays to worship the antichrist.
They're in single file lines and they all gather in these fields.
Now, fill in the field—it goes way back there and it goes all the way around the building, the whole building.
And this is where all the townspeople from all the major towns come and they start worshiping the antichrist.
I saw him worshiping in Rome at the place where the Catholics worship, by where the pope is, that square, the Catholic church and the Vatican.
They have major screens there.
They have major screens in Europe and in Paris.
It's everywhere.
Even at Buckingham Palace, they had them there.
I'm telling you, they're everywhere.
And the people are required to worship on Fridays.
So, that's a lot of detail with that.
Now, I'm going to go another direction here to tell you all what happens.
I was shown the mark of the beast.
I was shown what it is.
And I believe—and I'm not saying it's Neuralink—but I'm saying it is a type of Neuralink what Elon Musk is working on.
I'm not saying it is that, but it's that kind of technology.
It's very small.
But what happens is they inject it in your hand or they inject it in your forehead.
And I saw all the children—and I want to say this clearly—all children were taken out of here at the rapture of the church, all the way up until what I believe was the age of 15 or 16 years old.
I'm not exactly sure of the age because I did not hear anybody talking about what the age bracket of those kids was.
But all the children up until the age of accountability were gone.
Now, people are still going to have babies during the tribulation.
Life is still going on.
There are seven years of tribulation: three and a half years of not great tribulation and then three and a half years of great tribulation.
But people are still creating and making babies and having families during the tribulation.
So if they have a child during the tribulation, they are still here.
Those children are here.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Remember the Bible says, "Woe to those that give suck in those days, that are breastfeeding and have children in those days.
" Woe to those.
It even talks about it in the word.
But people are still having children.
So I want you to understand that because I don't want any confusion to go, "Well, why were there kids here?
" or whatever for what I'm about to tell you.
Now I'm going to go, and the Lord showed me this.
I saw a lot of Christians that were furious that they were left.
Now, I heard the Lord say this: they were upset because they preached a lukewarm gospel.
They preached a sappy, watered-down grace message that they could live the way they wanted to live—a lot of people living in sin and still making it to heaven, that everything was okay with them, that they could just live like the world and still make it in the rapture of the church.
And what happened?
There were pastors that were preaching a compromising, lukewarm gospel that were left, and they were still here during the tribulation.
And those congregation members were so mad because of the way they got preached the gospel that they were ready to kill those preachers.
They were fuming mad.
And I saw people that I knew that were left here during the tribulation that thought they would—I know them personally because I worked at a large church—and some of these people were major givers.
And when they were left, I saw one lady in particular flipping the Lord off and giving him the finger because she was left during the tribulation and was cussing and acting crazy because she was angry she was still here, because she thought she should go.
But her heart was obviously full of poison and she was vile.
And I'm telling you, I saw this woman go immediately whenever the mark of the beast was given out; she was one of the first to take the mark.
I remember seeing this, but there were pastors and preachers that I saw personally, and as of right now see them on TV on a weekly basis, that were left, and those congregation members were ready to string them up.
It was that serious.
People were upset.
These pastors were on TBN and some of them were on Daystar now, and like I said, some of them are on every day.
And I'm telling you, it's time to really watch who you are listening to.
This is a very, very serious time.
It's time to get your lamp full of oil.
Just like what the Bible talks about, there will be ten virgins.
Five had their lamps full of oil and five were not waiting for the bridegroom to come and get them, and their lamps ran dry.
It's time for you to get on fire for Jesus and have an uncompromising walk with him like you've never walked with him before.
It's time to throw away the world's stuff and throw away all that garbage.
Yes, we fall, but we get back up.
Yes, it's by grace we're saved through faith.
But I'm telling you that if you're walking in compromise and you know you're in sin and you're walking in it and you're doing it on purpose, you better get it out of your life as fast as possible.
You need to go and repent and fall on the mercy seat of the Lord and say, "Father, help me to deal with this," and he'll wash you clean by the blood of the lamb and by the word of your testimony.
You are free.
But I'm telling you, it's not a time to play games and walk in compromise and live in the world.
Yes, we mess up; things happen.
But we don't consciously do it on purpose.
If you say a bad word or whatever, you don't go out and say, 'I'm just going to go out and have fun.
I'm going to sow my wild oats and have fun because I have Jesus in my heart and I'm going to live the way I want to and I'm going to make it.
' No, you're not.
You're going to get left.
I'm just trying to tell you, I saw it.
People say, 'There's no scripture to back that up; it's once saved, always saved.
' I don't believe that.
After what I saw, it's not once saved, always saved.
There's a remnant of people, but there are a lot of people that get left, and they are furious because they thought they could live the way they wanted to and still have the cup of blessing to go in the rapture of the church.
It didn't happen that way.
I saw those Christians try to create leaders.
They were trying to make colonies, like little groups of people, and they fled to the mountains and the hills where they could get away.
They grabbed what they could and went up into the hills to hide.
There were literally thousands of them trying to get away because they knew what was about to happen.
They knew about the Bible and had a sense of what was going on, but they just lived in compromise.
I'm going to tell you how they lived.
They dug holes in the side of hills—massive holes that looked like little foxholes.
They were like big bear caves, and they were trying to keep warm in the winter.
The children born during the tribulation suffered greatly from starvation, cold, sickness, and disease.
There were no vitamins to keep your D3 up; it was literal hell on earth.
They had no way of really keeping their children safe and warm.
I saw the government from all over the world start to use drones everywhere to look for anybody that did not have the mark of the beast.
The chip in your forehead or your hand communicated to the drones.
You could hear the drones; they were like swarms of bees.
The Bible even talks about it looking like locusts coming out of a pit.
I believe what John saw on the Isle of Patmos was probably these drones; that is just my opinion.
The sky was buzzing with thousands of drones.
They're all at a certain level—not a high altitude—just buzzing around at certain parts of the day looking for people who do not have the mark of the beast.
They scan and come in packs, and you can hear them coming.
They could sense fire if the Christians had a big fire while hiding in those hills.
Those hills were being patrolled, but the Christians were smart and could get down in those holes and keep their heat hidden so infrared was not able to see it.
They couldn't see the smoke if they had small fires.
However, if they heard a gunshot or anything to kill wildlife, those drones could hear it from far away and would come to where that noise was.
You could not shoot firearms to drop game like deer, elk, or cattle; so, they were starving.
They would try to get fish or whatever they could find, but they would have to create a very small fire to be able to cook that food because you run out of supplies.
Try seven years.
This isn't just a couple of weeks living off the grid; this is seven years of hell.
Some say it was only three and a half years, but even the first three and a half years were bad going into the great tribulation of the last three and a half years.
It's all bad.
I was shown they were in the foxholes.
Then Jesus and I went to another place; I watched the Christians running, trying to go from place to place.
They traveled at night in the dark.
There were farms where the farmers were still trying to grow crops like corn.
The Christians would go out and try to steal those crops in the fields during the nighttime.
But the farmer would have a dog or security system and would know they were being robbed.
If the farmer was trying to be nice and didn't report what he saw to the authorities, he would be punished.
A lot of people say they'll take all the guns away in America, but I saw the farmers still had guns.
I heard the dogs barking and the Christians running as fast as they could to grab corn, vegetables, or chickens to try to get food.
Whenever someone would see these people running and call it in, I saw them putting blocks in the roads—massive barricades.
The Christians would use things to spike the tires of these people.
They were in black Hummers with blue lights.
I saw these massive army tank-like cars with men in solid black outfits and black shields over their faces.
They would drive up in these Hummer-like cars with blue lights in them; they were almost like black lights.
I remember them jumping out and the Christians running as fast as they could to get away.
The men jumped out with guns that I've never seen before.
I've told people about this and they said they actually exist—there are prototypes.
They pulled the trigger and it was like a pulse, some kind of riot control that knocked you out for a couple of minutes.
They just pointed it in a direction, and as soon as that beam hit that individual, it knocked them unconscious.
There was no running away.
It was on the Hummers and on the men, and they would just scan the people as they were running.
The people would just fall out as if they were passing out, but it didn't kill them.
Then the men would walk up on them and tell them, 'Take the mark or we're going to cut your head off.
' So I saw a woman and her two children that were born during the tribulation and her husband all standing there like this.
They told the mother, 'If you don't take the mark and the children don't take the mark, we're going to cut those children's heads off.
' And as any mother that's good would say, she was freaking out.
'Don't cut my babies' heads off!
I'll take the mark.
' And I saw her, right before my face, take the mark of the beast.
And the children took the mark of the beast.
And the father said, 'No, I'll never take the mark of the beast.
' And I saw those men; they pulled his head out and they had a massive sword, and they chopped his head off right before me.
And I saw his head roll right before my feet.
They couldn't see me, and they could not see Jesus, but Jesus told me to look.
And this is something interesting: the whole time Jesus never had to speak out loud verbally to me.
I could hear what he was saying by his thoughts, and he could hear what I was saying by my thoughts.
I just knew it was like I was out of my body.
I don't know; it was way out there, what happened.
But I could smell the blood from the man that got his head cut off right before me.
And the kids and the mother had no expression.
The chip makes you motionless, having no emotions at all.
You become like a zombie.
It makes your mind instantaneously like a zombie.
It's like, 'Hello, there's nothing there.
' The children did not cry or wail or anything at all upset because their father just got his head cut off.
And the wife didn't even act like she cared either.
It was like she was not there.
So, he's dead.
The wife and the children are okay.
They have the chip now, but they're damned to hell forever because of what happened.
Now, are the children damned to hell forever?
I don't believe that.
There's no way.
In my heart, I'm just going to say the children didn't choose it.
They were forced; it was forced on them.
And God's a merciful God when it comes to kids.
So, I'm not going to sit here and get in a theological debate about it.
I'm just telling you the kids didn't choose to take it.
It was forced on them.
And so, I just know God's a merciful God.
Now, I don't know the condition of their soul.
I know what the Bible says, that anybody who takes the mark goes to hell and they burn forever and ever.
But if it was forced on you, you didn't accept it.
You have to actually accept this.
So, I'm just going to leave that there.
You do with it what you want to, but don't criticize me in the comments.
So, now I'm going to go to this.
I saw in every single town, on the major highways or the roads coming into the town, they had barricades like checkpoints that everybody had to go through to come in or out of that town.
And the only way you were allowed in those major cities or towns was by the mark of the beast.
They scanned your hand or your forehead to get inside there to get supplies like groceries, medical, or to go to the doctor, whatever you had to do.
You had to go through those major army checkpoints with these men in these black outfits.
They scanned you.
And I saw people on foot trying to go in there.
And this is another thing: I saw that some of the people got a sore on their hand or their forehead that looked like a massive infection.
It looked like a boil on their forehead or their hand that had a bruise.
It looked like an infection.
It had pus on it.
It looked very, very painful.
And I saw a woman that was standing in line who had put makeup on her hand and was trying to imitate the mark of the beast sore.
She was that desperate to get into that town for food or medical supplies or whatever she needed.
She was just trying to fake it.
And so, when they saw that she was faking it, when they got up there to scan her hand, there was no mercy.
They cut her head off right there.
They killed her right there.
They just cut her head off and it just rolled down the street and nobody cared.
All the other people in line, like I said, are zombies.
They were all standing in line; I saw it all.
And they would go through these checkpoints to get groceries or whatever from coming in and out of the city.
And like I said, the drones are always flying.
The drones are always scanning people.
The drones are always alerting the authorities if you're shooting guns or whatever, trying to get food or rabbits, trying to stay alive, and stealing from the farmers.
I saw a man mowing his grass with no expression on his face.
He was mowing his grass, but he was gone.
It was the weirdest thing seeing these people that took the mark of the beast.
They were just wiped out.
He was mowing, but he had no expression.
Then I saw a man trying to commit suicide, trying to jump off of a bridge.
But whenever he did, it created peace in his mind.
The chip sent a signal to his mind because it knew that hormone or that thought pattern or whatever your body creates when you're about to do something like that.
It knew by your heart rate or whatever to calm you down.
So he was standing there ready to jump off this major bridge to end himself and all of a sudden that chip caused him to calm down and he just stepped down and walked back.
So there was no way to even do anything physically to yourself.
It would not allow you to.
You didn't have free will anymore.
If you were trying to do anything like riot or steal, your mind would not do that.
It made peace over you.
I don't know how it did it, but I'm just telling you all it was the weirdest thing I've ever seen.
And it happened to everybody who took it.
Now, I was taken to Israel and I see the temple and the stone columns and I see the third temple that's going to be built soon.
It's beautiful.
The stone columns, the scrolling, all of it.
It's gorgeous the way it's all done, but it's built up.
He has a white thing on his head.
And I'm going to say this.
My son's helping me with this because it's a lot to remember, but he had salt-and-pepper on his beard.
It looked like time had passed, but something happened to his beard where it wasn't all black anymore.
Before it looked kind of clean-shaven, but it wasn't really long like this was.
It was thicker and it looked like it had salt and pepper in it in his hairline right here too.
So, I believe it was a certain man that's in Saudi Arabia.
On this side of him, I believe I saw the pope.
Please don't throw eggs at me; I'm just telling you what I felt like I saw.
It looked like the pope.
This man over here because he was dressed in all white like that and it had that little thing on his head.
And this man over here was another spiritual leader.
So, they were and I believe that is Noah.
He's a man over there—it doesn't matter.
Do you all want to look at it?
His name is Noah, but I believe he was on this side of him.
He was standing; they had these two men and him and they were all talking.
He was talking, and whenever he started professing that he was Lord, I saw lightning striking above his head.
This was one of the last things I saw before the Lord took me to the edge of heaven and the earth.
I saw all this stuff going on—there was lightning, I saw people, and he was professing that he was God.
Suddenly, Jesus and I took off and went up to heaven.
He showed me a massive world as far as the eye could see.
He said, "This is the revival that's about to take place.
" I could see tears in his eyes; he wasn't crying, but his eyes filled with tears.
He looked at China, pointed down, and said, "Brandon, do you see all those little lights?
" because there were lights.
They were all over the globe, all over the map.
There were all kinds of what looked like little torches, and from America, coast to coast, there were lights all over it.
In Europe, there were lights.
There were rivers of lights in China and throughout Asia.
I could see the Koreas and Vietnam.
There were lights and streams.
He said, "Do you see those?
Brandon, that's my underground church there.
My gospel cost them their lives—a lot of them.
My gospel cost them something.
" He was so pleased with what happened in Asia with the revival that takes place.
I saw his eyes full of tears because the gospel cost them something; they were martyred for the cause of Christ.
They were martyred for what they believed and they didn't give up.
He said, "I want to show you something that's about to happen.
Right before I come back for the rapture of the church, you're going to start to hear a lot about aliens on TV.
You're going to start to see more of what they call UFO encounters, lights, and things in the sky.
" He warned me there will actually be a great deception—a fallen being pretending to be an alien encounter—upon the earth.
I believe it will probably even be in human form, like a demonic entity trying to deceive many about what happened to the Christians.
He warned me this was going to happen right before he came.
He showed me that on the side of the walls of heaven, there was a massive wave at a breaking point.
Jesus said, "Do you see that wave right there?
" I said, "Yes, Lord.
" He said, "That is the last major outpouring that's about to flood the earth with my glory one more time.
A massive push, a massive harvest of souls like this world has never seen, is about to happen.
" Behind that massive wave were angels with chariots of fire as far as the eye could see.
There were gifts on these chariots.
Each angel was dressed the same.
They had armor on that looked like golden, medieval knight armor—like jousting armor—and it was all over them.
All of them had presents on the back of their fiery chariots.
I asked the Lord, "What are those presents?
" He said, "Brandon, those are end-time giftings, things the world has never seen before.
Giftings that have never been used on this earth, like major gifts.
Those angels are going to bring them to my children on the earth for the last harvest.
" This is what else I saw: I looked to my right and saw silos full of body parts—legs, arms, eyes, hair, kidneys, and hearts.
These silos were like buildings full of body parts.
He told me those were coming for creative miracles and healings for the harvest of souls.
God is going to do one final great move; it's going to be amazing, with creative miracles and greater works.
We're going to see that before he comes.
I saw rooms full of body parts and angels with huge baskets full of finances being poured out on the church and on his people—a harvest of finances for the end-time harvest to supply a great transfer of wealth.
This was about to happen to those who are listening to what he tells you to do.
If you're listening to the voice of the Lord, he'll tell you things to invest in, and God will bless your hands to help support the kingdom in these last days.
I saw great wealth with massive angels pouring.
Not everybody is believing for a car; some are believing for bicycles.
I saw things in the spirit realm that were going to come into the natural.
Whatever you're believing for comes out of the supernatural before it comes into the natural.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
You have to call those things, speaking over your body and your life, and calling your circumstances to change.
That's what I saw at the very end, and then I woke up back in my body.
I saw a major harvest of souls about to take place, and those lights each represented a soul saved in this revival.
We're right there.
We're seeing Neuralink come about; it didn't even exist then.
In 2014, they weren't even talking about aliens on TV.
There were no drones really flying around in 2014.
Now you see them at football games and Fourth of July shows.
Look at what's happening.
They're talking about wanting to sacrifice the red heifer and build the third temple.
They're wanting to build that temple that I saw; the Lord showed it to me and I was there with him.
I watched the Antichrist on it.
We're seeing things happen at a rapid pace.
My question for you today is: Do you know the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
Have you made him your Lord?
Have you made him your father?
Does he know you?
Is your name written in the Lamb's Book of Life?
If you die today, right now—no one knows when their time is up on this earth.
You could go home right now.
You could go home in five minutes.
Who knows?
A tragic accident on the way home—who knows?
But I'm going to tell you this: you can have a knowing of where you're going to spend eternity.
You can know if you die right now that you're not going to go to a devil's hell.
Hell was not made for you.
It was made for the devil.
It was made for his demons.
But when we reject Jesus, and we reject grace, and we reject what he did for us on that cross, and we turn away from our wicked ways and we run to him and say, 'Father, save me.
' We were made to go to heaven to spend eternity with him.
We weren't made to go to hell.
But if you don't accept Jesus, then you'll go to hell with the devil.
And that's a terrible place.
All you have to do is accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
The only way to the Father and the only way to heaven is by Jesus.
Jesus paid the price for you so that you don't have to go to hell.
Jesus did.
John 3:16: 'For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only begotten Son, that whosoever would believe in him would not perish but have everlasting life.
' Simple.
So let's just say a prayer right now today.
Maybe you never accepted Jesus, and today this video might scare the snot out of you, but it's not for you to have to go to hell.
It's not for you to have to take the mark.
It's not for you to have to ever suffer.
Jesus wants you to go to heaven with him.
Jesus wants you to be with him in heaven.
He loves you.
He died for you.
He rose again on the third day and he's seated at the right hand of the Father and he's waiting for you.
He's waiting to come back and get you.
All right, let's pray.
'Father, I just thank you.
' Say this prayer with me.
'Father, I just thank you that you wash me in your blood.
Forgive me for all my sins.
Cleanse me from that.
Father, I thank you that you write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Father, I surrender my heart to you.
I worship you.
I want to be your child.
I want you to be my father.
Forgive me of my sins.
Lord, I've been a sinner.
I've messed up big.
Create in me a clean heart.
Change me.
Make me better.
Make me more like you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm free from sin and sickness and disease and I don't have to go to hell because I ask you to save me and redeem me and fill me with your Holy Ghost.
I thank you for what you did for me today.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm saved.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm delivered from the devil and I'm not going to sin no more.
I'm going to turn away from my wicked ways.
And Father, if I do sin, I'm going to run to you.
I'm not running from you.
I'm running to you.
And I'm asking, Father, for your grace to be there to help me through this as I grow spiritually, mentally, and emotionally.
I'm going to grow with you.
I'm going to read my Bible and I'm going to pray every day and just seek you.
Find a good Bible-based church to go to.
They'll teach you the word.
We do the best we can, folks.
It's all by grace.
It's Jesus.
He loves us.
' So, I just want to say this: thank you all for watching.
Thank you.
If this blessed you, like the video.
If it didn't, like it anyway.
I'm just going to say that not everybody's going to agree with it, but God bless you anyway.
If you could subscribe, or if you want to click that notification bell if you're a first-timer.
Click that notification bell and go look at the other videos down below.
I have a ton of videos of things the Lord has showed me that I believe are coming.
So, God bless you all.
And this is how I close my videos: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you next time.
God bless you all and have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.